Welcome to the Well Community Church.
So glad you're hanging out with us here today for those of course joining us here in our Clovis Auditorium to those online and our Student Center venue outside Fig Garden.
We've got people all over, just so grateful to share the time with you.
If we have not met yet, my name's Brad.
One of the pastors here, I get the privilege of handling God's word with us this week.
We are in a very interesting sort of season here at the Well.
We're doing a four week series and cultivates sort of sharing some of the next steps of what we think the Lord is leading us into.
We've handed out a brochure over the last
A couple of weeks, if you did not get one, maybe worth grabbing, just to give you a little bit of the details as to what is coming next.
We'll cover that more in detail here next week.
But before we got to the what, we thought we'd take a couple of weeks and just sort of talk through the why.
Here a couple of weeks ago, we talked about the importance of reaching the next generation.
That what we're doing here is really not just for us, though certainly we want to strengthen this generation, but our heart is to create something that generations from now,
sort of sown some seeds or planted trees, if you will, for their benefit as well, that they might experience the gospel also.
Last week, we talked a little bit about the purpose of a church, being a place of teaching and training and equipping and discipling.
We reminded one another that really it's not the role of a church to entertain.
We're really not here to provide ministries, per se, that meet our needs.
We're here to teach, train, equip and disciple that we might walk
more intimately with Jesus.
And as we saw the growth of the early church, we saw that the bigger the church got, the more they focused on that purpose.
What we'd like to cover this week is what does it mean for us as followers of Jesus to partner with God by way of personal generosity?
Now, as we get into this subject matter, there is no question.
Acknowledgement, the elephant in the room, that had you known it was a message on giving, many of you would have chosen to stay home.
And to be honest, I don't blame you.
It's not because of what the Bible says.
It's because of what we've seen.
And some of you have seen some things or experienced some things that are not biblical whatsoever.
You've seen shady pastors who stood up and fleece to congregation for their own personal gain.
You saw church leaders that mismanaged finances or misappropriated finances or just skimmed money off the top for themselves.
And in that, of course, that put a bad taste in your mouth as it should.
But I want you to think about it this way.
If giving or personal generosity is a mark of spiritual maturity and we choose not to do so because of what we've seen.
What happens if we, because somebody mishandled the word of God if we quit reading our Bible?
What happens if we ever go to a church gathering and it got a little weird that we say, you know what, I'm not going to church anymore?
Or if we quit praying or worshiping or serving or living in community,
simply because something weird happened.
The reality is something weird is always gonna happen.
And yet that doesn't mean we jettison or disregard our participation in what the Word of God invites us to be a part of for God's glory and our good.
And so what I'd really like to do if we can is rewrite the narrative.
And I'd like to just walk through candidly what does the Bible say and what does it not say about the issue of personal
Generosity and what is our responsibility and opportunity to partner with God?
And that's where this whole journey begins.
Before we can talk about personal generosity, we need to recognize the nature and character of our God.
Our God is a generous God.
When you read through the creation account and you see in the first two chapters of Genesis, God speaks the world into existence, forms it by the word of his mouth, shapes Adam and Eve from the dust of the earth,
And in chapter one, verse 16 says he makes the stars also as if an afterthought.
We have to ask the question, why did God do that?
God who is preexisting and is fully satisfied in and of himself had need of nothing.
He did not create for himself.
He did not create half dome for him or the sierras for him.
He didn't create the beautiful sunset over the Pacific for him.
He actually did it for us because God is a generous God and his creation is an act of generosity.
But thankfully it doesn't simply stop there.
In fact, Psalm 104, 24 says, oh Lord, how many are your works?
And wisdom you have made them.
The earth is full of your possessions.
That God by His grace created something beautiful for us.
And even in His generosity was moved to redeem us.
Because as you read through your Bible, something terrible happens in Genesis chapter three.
It's a passage we circle around to often here at the well, because it's where sin comes into the world.
And what we find is Adam and Eve rebel against God.
And several things are passed on to them and therefore passed on to us.
They inherit death both spiritually and physically.
They inherit shame and guilt which they seek to cover and hide.
They inherit corruption where the image of God is defaced.
Something's not right.
And in that they are separated from God.
And then finally they inherit autonomy.
And autonomy is the
innate desire that we all have to do life on our own alone and without God.
And yet, God by His grace, because He loved us, He gave.
God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him would not perish but have everlasting life.
Because God is a generous God.
He didn't leave us in our sin.
He didn't leave us in spiritual and physical death.
He didn't leave us in autonomy.
In fact, God by His grace gave Jesus for us.
He was under no obligation to do so.
God would be no less holy and no less loving had He left us in our sin, but by His grace He was moved on our behalf.
In fact, Ephesians 2 tells us that God being rich and mercy because of His great love with which He loved us while we were dead and our transgressions made us alive together with Christ.
And the goal of the gospel is to reorient us back into right relationship with Him.
That it's not simply that when we trust in Jesus Christ, we snap God into our already busy life.
No, in fact, the Bible's gonna go as far as to say that we have been crucified with Christ.
It's no longer we who lives, it's Christ who lives in us.
That if we've embraced the gospel of Jesus Christ, we have died and our life is hidden with Christ in God.
In fact, Paul tells the Church of Corinth, he says, for the love of Christ controls us, having concluded this, that one died for all and therefore all died.
And he died for all so that we who live may no longer live for ourselves, but for him who died.
Which means then, because of sin, we were in
autonomy, but God by His grace has saved us that we might now reflect His image more accurately, that we might be generous as our God by His very nature is generous.
But we need to acknowledge this tension, that generosity is unnatural.
Because even though we are in Christ, we still have the presence of flesh, which means it's still possible for us to operate in selfishness, not generosity, in a sense of mine, not in a sense of His.
And so in fact, in Galatians 5, 17, Paul's gonna remind us that the flesh sets its desire against the spirit and the spirit against the flesh.
These are in opposition to one another, which simply means your Christian life is not going to be easy.
There is gonna be this sense of clash and what generosity can be for us is a dashboard light to show you, am I operating in flesh or am I operating in spirit and generosity?
Maybe the thing that tips your hand as to which you're operating.
And that's possibly why Jesus is going to speak in the gospel accounts more on money than any subject matter other than the kingdom of God.
In fact, there is more in our Bible about money than heaven and hell combined.
11 of the 29 parables include teaching on money.
There are 500 verses on prayer.
Wow, that's a lot.
Prayer seems to be pretty important.
There are over 2,000 on the issue of money.
Why?
Because I think it's an indicator of what's happening on the inside.
And what I'd like to do is walk through just some general observations from the Bible regarding this issue and then we'll finish by getting into some practical next steps.
If you are looking for passages, there are two that we're going to comment on more in-depth and other.
Second Corinthians chapter 9.
And first Timothy chapter six, we'll get there here eventually, but we are gonna skip our rock rather through most of our Bible, pulling up some concepts.
Here's a first observation, that whatever we have, we have been entrusted by God.
So whatever we have has been entrusted to us by God.
Psalm 127 says, unless the Lord build the house, they labor in vain who build it.
And unless the Lord guard the city,
The watchman keeps awake in vain.
It's a vain thing to stay a plate, to rise up early, or to eat the bread of painful labor for the Lord gives to his beloved, even while they sleep.
Whatever we have has been entrusted to us by God.
In fact, in Matthew chapter 25, Jesus gives a wonderful parable called the parable of the talents.
We'll walk through it if you want to turn there.
We'll spend a little bit of time there as well.
Matthew 25, starting verse 14, the parable of the talents.
Let's know what Jesus says.
He says, for it is just like a man.
He's speaking about life in his kingdom.
For it, life in his kingdom is just like a man who goes out on a journey, calls his slaves together, and entrusts his possessions to them.
And then in Matthew 25 verse 15, he says, to one, he gave five talents, to another he gave two, and to another one, and each according to their own ability, and then he went on his journey.
Immediately the one who received
five talents traded and made five more.
Verse 17, in the same manner, the one who had two talents gained two more.
Now the question you're probably asking is what's a talent?
Well, we lose a little bit of impact on this passage because we assume that's some sort of ability.
But a talent was a unit of measurement.
So it'd be like saying he gave one guy five pounds and another guy two pounds and another guy a pound.
Which begs the second question, well, a pound of what?
I mean, a pound of rocks very different than a pound of gold, for example.
And we don't know explicitly what the unit of measurement is here.
We don't know what the object is that they're measuring, but verse 18 gives us an indication.
It says, the one who had received one talent, he went away.
He dug a hole in the ground and he hid his master's money.
That word money literally is translated from silver coins.
So whatever this parable the talents is about, it's about some monetary
unit that was given to them, five, two, and one respectively.
And then of course in verse 19, this master now comes home and settles accounts with them.
What's interesting about the parable of the talents is they are given varying amounts depending on their own verse 15 ability.
Some people were entrusted with more, some with less, some with less still.
All of them were entrusted, whatever the Lord thought they needed and could handle.
at that moment, whether it was a lot or whether it was little, which leads to the second observation.
We are called to be content with whatever we've been entrusted.
Now, that's not to suggest that we don't hustle.
That's not to suggest you can't pick up an extra shift because Christmas gifts are expensive.
It's not to suggest that the labor is not worthy of its wage, but what it does mean is that we're called to be content with whatever he's entrusted to us.
There was a survey done some years ago
And they interviewed people who made 30k a year asking them what would they need in order to be satisfied?
And the answer was 60.
So they interviewed people who made 60k a year and said, what would you need in order to be satisfied?
And they said 100.
So they interviewed people who made 100k a year.
What would you need?
And they said 500.
You see where this is going.
500 said we need a million.
People who made a million said we need five million.
The reality was it didn't matter which group or demographic that they interviewed, what would it take for them to be satisfied?
It was all the same thing.
What was it?
More.
And that's the thing about discontentment in what God has entrusted to us.
We set our sights on accumulating more.
How many of you have gotten, by the way, in the last 10 years, a raise, only a couple months later to forget that you even got it?
I don't know what happened.
Like did my bills rise as well?
Because when you set your sights on the accumulation of more, it's like a bird with wings and it just kind of flies away.
And so to be content with whatever he has given us is the goal.
Now it's interesting, in Philippians 4, 13, probably the most over quoted and misunderstood passage in all of your Bible.
It says, for I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
And we all go, that's right, amen.
I'm gonna run the two cities marathon.
I can do all things through Christ.
I'm going to hike Mount Everest.
That's not what that passage is about at all.
In fact, that passage, if you look at the context of Philippians 4 in the previous verses, it's about contentment.
Listen to what Paul says, Philippians 4, 11.
He says, not that I speak from want, for I have learned to be content in whatever circumstances I'm in.
I know how to get along with humble means.
I also know how to live in prosperity.
In any and every circumstances, I have learned the secret of being filled and of going hungry, of having an abundance and of suffering need.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me."
So that passage has nothing to do with human attainment whatsoever.
It has everything to do with our perspective by way of contentment of whatever it is God has entrusted to us.
And I love that He says, I have learned the secret of contentment.
Why?
Because it's unnatural.
And it requires us to retrain in life with Him.
And by the way, it's not that money is evil.
Don't miss hear that.
The Bible never says money is evil.
There's this false Christian narrative that has come from earlier in church history that somehow godliness meant poverty.
There's nothing wrong with having money.
If God has given you a gift of money, we'll get into that first Timothy 6 in just a little bit.
There's nothing wrong with it, but the love of money, Paul says, is the root of all sorts of evil.
It's the longing for it, which leads us to the third observation, that we are wealthy
Compared to the rest of the world, whether you knew it or not.
Now, I'll give you an example.
Size is also relative.
I am a relatively large dude.
Most rooms I walk into, I'm one of, if not the largest guy there.
Bigger's not better.
It's just a reality, okay?
But I went and did a chapel for an NFL football team.
I did a chapel for the Ravens some years ago.
And I realized very quickly, size is relative.
Because I walked in and these guys were absolutely massive.
And I'm looking at these, this crowd, a guy, like a punter was bigger than I was.
And I'm thinking, every guy here looks like he could hurt me.
And you just realize it is all relative.
Wealth is similar in that.
We tend to look around and think, oh, you know, this person's got more than me and this person's got more than me.
But we're looking in the wrong direction.
See, when it comes to a global perspective of wealth, if you make more than 35,000 a year, you're in the top 1% of income earners in the world.
If you have clothing choices, you are considered wealthy.
If you have food choices, you are considered wealthy.
If you have a vehicle to drive, you are wealthy.
If you have an option of vehicles to drive, you are exceedingly wealthy.
In fact, 80% of humanity makes less than $10 a day, or the equivalent of about $4,000 a year.
So are you wealthy?
Probably.
the world in general, yes, you probably are, which leads me to the fourth observation.
Therefore, we are called to be stewards of whatever we've been entrusted.
We are not owners.
Now, before we embraced the gospel, we were in the flesh, which meant we were in autonomy, which made sense then that we thought it was our car.
and our clothes, and our food, and our money, and our house, or apartment, or dorm room, or whatever.
We thought it was ours.
But then we embraced the gospel.
And since we embraced the gospel, we died.
We've been crucified with Christ.
It's no longer we who lives.
It's Christ.
Now we realize it's actually not mine.
It's His.
The Lord owns the cattle on a thousand hills.
The earth is the Lord's in all it contains, which means then by His grace, those cattle on a thousand hills, He took some to auction and gave some of the money for you and I that we might have it in our accounts.
But it's not ours, it's his, which means then we are stewards.
And Jesus speaks about this issue of what do we do then as stewards?
Stewards are one who manages someone else's money, which simply means we recognize that it's not ours, it's his, and therefore we should put it to use where he would want it to be used.
Jesus put it this way in Matthew six.
He says, do not store it for yourself treasures on earth where moth and rust destroy.
or where thieves break in and steal, but store it for yourself treasures in heaven, or neither moth nor rust destroy, or neither thieves break in and steal, for where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.
We are stewards.
We are not owners.
Fifth observation.
Therefore, as stewards, we are invited to invest what resources we have into kingdom initiatives.
Kingdom initiatives.
Every investor, by the way, is looking for a return on your investment.
You could put it in a bank, make a little money,
on interest, you can get involved with this or that, make a little bit more money, but everybody's wanting to know, what's my ROI?
Well, when it comes to being stewards, it's a kingdom ROI.
It's not the same, which means we're investing our resources into gospel initiatives, kingdom initiatives, so that we might see fruit or a return on that investment spiritually.
Well, what did it look like in our Bibles?
Well, in your Old Testament, you had men and women responsible now for supporting the work of what was called the House of God.
and that changed throughout your Old Testament, it started as a tabernacle grew into the temple, but you gave what you called a tenth of what you had, a tenth meaning of tithe.
Now when I say the word tithe, some of you get hives, stay with me for a moment, okay?
Because all the tithe was was a benchmark in your Old Testament of what you would give to support the house of God.
And so if you were a great farmer, you'd take the first tenth of what your harvest was, and you would give that into the tabernacle or the temple.
And you did so, so you could support now the operation of the house of God.
But you also gave what was called offerings.
And offerings, if you read through the book of Leviticus, by the way, where most Bible reading plans go to die.
In the first several chapters, it's sin offering, peace offering, love offering, wave offering, all these offerings given, which come out if you do the math to about 25% of someone's income, which means the tithe and the offerings came out to be about 35%.
of what you made, and why would you give that in your Old Testament?
Well, it reinforced your dependence upon God by giving, you were reminding yourself and your community, God is the one who richly supplies.
It also supported the ministry, the ongoing work of the temple and the tabernacle, and it also supported the religious feasts and festivals that took place there, and then finally it reinforced the spiritual priority of God in the midst of the people.
But what about in the New Testament?
invited to do in the New Testament.
Well, we are also invited to give, to reinforce our spiritual dependence upon God, who richly supplies our needs.
We are also invited to support the various ministries, not of the Old Testament, Tabernacle or Temple, but in the New Testament, a church.
We are also invited to support the various ministries of the church, like things that happening in our gatherings, our midweek ministries, our Monday night recovery ministry, middle school stuff, high school stuff, et cetera.
And then we were also invited to give to reinforce the spiritual priority of God in our midst as well.
But the question is how much are we called by God to give?
And that's an interesting question.
And the answer is, well, it kind of depends.
Where your Old Testament gave a clear 10%, your New Testament takes another tact, another direction.
Turn to 2 Corinthians chapter 9.
In 2 Corinthians chapter 9, the Apostle Paul, of course, riding to the Church of Corinth, which was
arguably the wealthiest city at that time, maybe second only to Rome.
They didn't simply have a port.
They had two ports.
They were ridiculously wealthy by way of trade.
And in 2 Corinthians 9, a church had been started there, and he's talking to them in chapters eight and nine about personal generosity.
But listen to what he says.
He says, now this I say, by way of principle, 2 Corinthians 9, 6.
The one who sows sparingly will reap sparingly.
The one who sows bountifully will reap
bountifully.
There's a principle when it comes to kingdom, our allies, that when you hold what God gives you with the closed hand, don't be surprised if he doesn't continue to fill that closed hand.
But if you can begin to learn to open that hand and support things that God once supported, don't be surprised if he blesses you.
Now, this isn't prosperity gospel.
This isn't saying, if I sow a seed into this ministry, I can buy a jet.
That's not what this is saying.
What it is saying though is by way of principle, if I'm an open hand and I give, God may give to me, press down and shake it over that I can continue to partner with him in generosity.
But what's interesting to me is verse seven.
How much should you give?
Are we called by God to give a 10% tithe?
I don't think so.
If you look at verse seven, he says, each one must do just as he is purposed in his heart, not grudgingly or under compulsion for God loves a cheerful giver.
Well, what does that mean?
That means you should give whatever you feel joy giving.
And if it's 10%, great.
And if it's not, then give less.
Which brings the point up.
Well, what if you don't feel good about giving at all?
Well, then don't give at all.
If you can't give with joy, don't give.
And pray about it.
And see what God does in your heart.
Because what's most important is
if where your treasure is, there your heart is, how we participate with God financially is an indication of the heart.
If you're not comfortable giving with joy, the issues not your giving, the issues your heart.
So just go to the Lord with that and see what he begins to do.
Now here's the thing.
Are we as followers of Jesus called to give?
Well the answer is yes, and let me frame it this way.
As a follower of Jesus, are we called to read our Bible?
Yeah, are we called to pray?
Yeah.
Are we called to attend a church gathering?
Are we called to live in community?
Yeah.
Are we called to give?
Why would we treat one different from the others?
And again, just because something bad happened somewhere doesn't mean that we quit participating with God in our giving.
Now, if 10% is a good baseline and in some ways it is, consider now our participation in generosity
as something a little bit broader than just the tithe.
Turn to 1 Timothy 6, 1 Timothy 6.
Paul writing to one of the other wealthy cities in your New Testament, the city of Ephesus, Timothy being the pastor, and he's writing to the wealthy there and encouraging them with how to steward their riches.
In verse 17, he says, instruct those, this is 1 Timothy 6, 17, instruct those who are rich in this present world
not to be conceited or to fix their hope on the uncertainty of riches.
Now, have you ever met somebody like that who is arrogant and conceited because of their wealth?
Wealthy doesn't mean you're better, all right?
Which means poverty doesn't mean you're worse.
It just means some of you are five talent people and some of you are one talent people and God's going to entrust you with whatever.
He feels like you can handle, and he says here, don't fix your hope now on the uncertainty of riches, but rather, fix your hope on God who richly supplies you with all things to enjoy.
It was an interesting phenomenon years past.
I may have said this already, but if not here, or if so, here it is again.
That somehow poverty was better, that godly people were poor, that if you weren't destitute, poor, living in, you know, squalor, that you weren't
You weren't necessarily godly.
And I don't think that's true.
He clearly doesn't say, he says it's not true here, which means he has given you all things to richly enjoy.
Is it wrong for those of you who have the capacity to make money?
Is it wrong for you to go on vacation?
No.
Is it wrong for you to drive a really nice car?
Is it wrong for you to travel the world?
No.
If God has blessed you and you are able to do those things, he's given you all things to richly enjoy, but don't miss verse 18.
He says, instruct them.
to do good, to be rich in good works, to be generous and ready to share.
If you can do both, go get it.
Get your passport and go.
But don't forget, verse 18 is about a kingdom ROI.
And in so doing, you're storing up verse 19 treasures for yourself of the good foundation for the future so that you may take hold of that, which is life indeed.
Which means if God has given you the ability to be generous and
enjoy some things, then by all means, do that.
All right, let me give you a couple of maybe principles if you wanted to get started.
If you said, okay, look, I'm listening, I'm interested, I've not really thought much about how to participate in terms of personal generosity.
Where do I even begin?
All right, first, pray about it, because this is between you and the Lord, and just see what God has for you, and see where He might want you to begin, and see what it might look like for you,
to begin to participate financially, however you feel led to give.
Second, however you participate financially, one of the encouragements would be biblically, give systematically.
Give systematically.
And here's why.
In your Old Testament, they gave an an agrarian calendar according to whatever they harvested.
In the New Testament, that shifted a little bit so that offerings were gathered every week when the church assembled.
But giving systematically, that frequency reminds you
What I have is given to me, my God, I'm called to be a steward.
I want to invest in kingdom things.
And so whatever that means, systematically for you to do that.
Some of you get paid certain times, you know, in the month.
Some of you get paid commissions, whatever it means, but systematically is helpful because remember your participation and generosity is a sign of spiritual maturity.
It's like a spiritual discipline that we participate in with God.
Third, give proportionately, give proportionately.
What does that mean?
Well, again, summer five, summer two, summer one talent people.
I don't know what your net worth is, but give proportionately.
For some college students, a 10% tithe might be way out of reach.
We've got college students working at Uncle Harry's.
They're not gonna be able to give maybe 10%.
But for some folks who are established in their career, 10% might be too low.
And you get to pray about that with the Lord, and whatever that is for you,
It's to be given with joy.
So give proportionately.
Fourth, give sacrificially.
Jesus in Mark chapter 12 gives us a wonderful picture of contrast of a man of means who gives that of a surplus.
And then a woman who comes in and gives of her pennies, her of all that she had.
And that widow's might is commended because it's really not equal gifts, it's equal sacrifice.
And what happens is this woman gave
All that she had, it showed her commitment to the Lord, versus the other guy who could cut a check, and so he did, that really meant nothing to him.
When we give, it should have an impact on our life a little bit.
I mean, it shouldn't put us in the poor house, but you should feel it a little bit, because what that does is say, Lord, I trust you.
You're a guy who provides, and I'm gonna give, and I wanna see what you wanna do in return.
And then five, if you're gonna give, give secretly, give secretly.
You don't need to,
Put it on Instagram, all right, nobody needs to know.
You don't need to tell your neighbor, it's really none of their business.
In fact, Jesus says, when you give to the poor, don't let your left hand, pardon me, know what your right hand is doing, which means just give secretly, it's between you and the Lord.
And then sixth, whatever you give, as we've said already, give with joy.
In Exodus 25 to Moses tells the people of God,
to come bring their contributions to the Lord, every man whose heart moves him, you shall raise a contribution.
And as I've said, if you can't give with joy, then the biblical, I think, admonition would be, well, then don't give.
And that's a terrible thing to say if you're trying to raise money.
We're not trying to raise money, we're trying to cultivate hearts.
And so if you can't give with joy, then don't.
And the seventh and final thing,
The biblical picture seems to be you tithe to your local church and you give offerings to causes or non-profits that are involved with areas of passion.
Because remember in your Old Testament, it was the tabernacle and the temple that was supported, the New Testament, it seems to be the local church.
And so you give to whatever church, by the way, you call home.
The well is a unique place because we have a lot of people that will come and we're kind of a side hustle for them.
They attend another church, but they come, check us out.
I go, great, serve their give there.
bring your Bible here.
And if we can help train and equip you, then that's great.
But whatever place is feeding you spiritually, that's the place that we need to begin to contribute to.
Now, one of the things that's unique about the well is that we are a non-denominational church.
And all that means is there is no cavalry that's coming.
We have no corporate headquarters that can give us any resources.
We have no other funding sources for over two decades.
We've been helping people connect to God and to each other in every neighborhood because people have said, I believe in what's happening and I want to participate.
And God by His grace has been faithful to resource what He's called.
And some of you may say, okay, well, I'm interested.
I might want to begin to give here.
How do I even give?
Well, you'll notice we don't pass a plate.
We don't pass an offering plate.
We don't do it on purpose because some of you here are guests and I want to talk to you in just a moment.
I don't want you feeling awkward when the offering plate comes and you're like,
Is this like, give one, take one?
Like, what do I do with this?
And so we just prefer not to pass a plate.
But if you do want to participate financially here at the well, you can give online.
Our website's got a give page you can go to.
You can bring gifts in here if you want.
There's two give boxes at the back of every auditorium and every campus in gathering.
And then if you'd like, you could even, if you're old school, you can mail it in.
Totally fine.
Mailing into our office.
We'd be happy to accommodate you in that regard.
And some of you are like, yeah, I need a little more information.
I want to know what your internal controls are.
I want to know what your audit said.
No problem at all.
Go to our give page.
We have a financial piece there.
We are happy to share with you anything and everything that you need.
We do a self-imposed audit every year simply to make sure we handle every dime that comes in with the highest standards financially possible.
And we'd love to share that with you.
But to the guests who are here, I mentioned you a little bit.
I really want you to know we are not interested in your money.
we're interested in your heart.
So this message in some ways to the guest is maybe not for you because we're wanting to show you what Christians do.
So we do baptisms and we do, we'll enjoy communion together, we'll have people share their stories.
That's what Christians do.
We want you to see that.
Christians also are invited to participate in generosity.
But for you, if you're a guest, keep bringing your Bible.
And when the day comes, that you say, hey, I trust this place and I want to
I wanna steward what resources God has given to us.
We'd be happy to help you with that.
But there are a number of you who are new to the well, but this is home for you now.
We'd love to invite you to participate with us.
And in fact, I would say as we continue to grow as a church, we are gonna need everyone to prayerfully consider what our individual participation may be, whether it be much or whether it be little, but we wanna invite you into that and then to the well family.
It is just the privilege to be a part of a generous church.
This church for years, God is so faithfully resourced what he has called because people understand that our participation with God by way of generosity is an expression of what the gospel has done in our hearts and it's been awesome to be a part of that together.
As I close, I just wanna close with a little bit of a benediction.
Just something to kind of wrap our time together and then I'll pray and we'll wrap up here.
It says this, may our generous God continue to lead us
as we seek to faithfully steward what he has entrusted to us with joy.
And my hope as we walk through the message here this week is that we might, by God's grace, reframe what generosity could look like with no guilt and no shame and no obligation, but simply invitation to participate.
However, God leads you with joy, amen?
Let's pray.
Father, we're grateful for the work of the gospel, for the kingdom, our eyes that we have been experiencing,
over two decades and for the work that is still yet before us.
As we seek to be faithful to your word, even in defiance of culture, even in rewriting old experiences.
Lord, we want to be faithful to your word as a community that stewards well, what you've entrusted to us.
So thank you for the opportunity together to be a part of what you're doing in our great city.
Bless us, I pray, and as we pray about our own participation by way of personal generosity, would you lead us however you see fit
and we'll thank you for the journey.
In Jesus' name, amen.